Hello, Miss Yue
So you still have this identity
I really didn't see you wrong.
Ruoxi, come back
Our Jin family is no longer the luxury of the building
Now it's all up to Miss Yue to have the final say
I was too proud of you
You are too laissez-faire to cause today's result
You are not worthy of the Dragon Lord of Qingyun Dragon County
Don't blame him.
It's all my fault
Please let us go, Mr. Jin of the Jin family.
For the sake of the ingot being my son
Also look at your golden armor
Used to be my dragon general
No matter what happens
I will not treat you badly
Thank you Long Jun
Xue Smile, you won
I believe you, I am a wealthy family Wenhe myself
Never attached to anyone
But Xue Zhilong, remember the ingot
Forever your son
Don't worry, as a father
I will definitely take good care of Yuanbao
Then you'd better remember this sentence
OK, all problems solved.
You step back, yeah
Qin Yuan Longjun
It seems that my eyes are correct
I put a lot of money into chasing you
Miss Yue is also very capable.
It can actually acquire the company of Shangjing Jin's family
How can I be worthy of you without ability?